These are the Technical Difficulties, we play Citation Needed.
Together with me today, he reads books, it is Chris Joel!
Hey!
Everyone's favorite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan!
Ultra-pure.
Silvered.
And available from the Lidl.
Are you alone? Are you just describing yourself?
I just do not want to know which part is redeemed!
And the most bouncing man on the internet, Matt Gray!
Put the butt in butter.
For me, I have an article from Wikipedia, and these people can not see that.
Every fact that they have good is a point and a thing [DING]
and there is a special prize for particularly correct answers, and they are ...
And today we are talking about the BackpackersXpress.
Vwhoomph!
Oh, that would have to be done, yes.
Is it so called because you can avoid them?
Literally the reverse.
It is so named so you can find them!
You are obliged to touch them! All the time during the trip.
"Welcome to the Backpackers Express!
"Sit on a backpacker's lap! Let him feel you from behind"
You are actually closer that you probably think yourself,
so I'm going to give you a point for that. [THING]
So is this just a dating site for backpackers?
No, certainly not a dating site.
Certainly a form of transport.
Is it a bus?
No.
Are they two buses?
Is it a train?
No!
Is it a tuk-tuk?
You all think too small and too short distances.
Is it a huge camel?
Is it a night flight from Europe to eastern ... places?
Yes, I'll give you a point for that. [DING] It was an idea for setting up
that kind of flights for backpackers.
They are a kind of travel for rich young people who travel on their parents money.
They are indeed traveling for wealthy young people who travel on their parents' money, yes.
Would there be or would not be hold baggage?
- Well, this ... - All brakes loose!
Wrestling in the air!
For the sake of clarity, this is not just the name of a flight,
this would be an airline.
Oh, that would be the most crappy broken plane you've ever seen.
shake to the edge of the runway, do not you?
All painted on the side.
- Old DC-3 with graffiti on it. - Yeah!
They will have thought this up for 2006.
That's right, so Gary's gets a point for 'old planes' [DING]
they would lease him from another leaser.
and you also get a point for 2006 [DING], it was in 2003.
Why do you think?
Because between 2006-2008 all airlines went bankrupt,
because nobody had money.
Yes, that is largely correct. In fact, you get a point for that.
The answer is that in 2005 the company is closed.
Is this the kind of society in which your chair assignment would say 'tail gunner',
those kind of things?
There would be flown with Boeing 747, that they would have.
-- Okay okay. - Ooh!
What would you like if you were a backpacker in an airplane?
Really, really, really very cheap.
Yes. [THING]
Yes. Two ticket types: inside and outside?
What is outside then? Tie them to the wing?
Really, really intense!
Tie them to the wing with duct tape?
To be honest, walking on the wing is something, I think it usually usually ...
Twelve o'clock wing!
It is not a jet engine, at least.
First come, first served. Just a big space, get all the seats out first,
stack everyone in it, put it on a scale, and it's like that,
"All right, we're full now, you're on the next one.
Large pile of backpackers, even in the cargo area.
Yes, I do not think about extras, use your own food, that kind of thing.
Look, that's not ... I'm going to give Chris a point [DING]
it was certainly cheap, throw them all together,
a kind of bus,
- Like an Air-Bus (!) - If only!
There were a number of other things they thought about,
and it was not that kind of extras, bring your own food.
Oh no. Are it annoying things that people ...
I'm going to insult people who are backpacking now, hold on tight.
Are it annoying things that people who enjoy backpacking like,
like crafts and stuff like that?
Weed chairs!
Yes. Possibilities to exchange long stories about how ethical you were then
you were there and went on the tourist route?
You have some very mild stereotypes of backpackers.
-- I am right! - I'm going to give you a point [DING] for stereotypes of backpackers ...
No, you have the right side of backpackers.
Do not go through customs? ...
Oh-oh! Yes.
Ehm, it's certainly something to do with what you can buy tax-free.
Smuggle anything you want?
"We are still three miles outside, bring the weight down,
"This is your captain ..."
- Oh, is it free drink? - Oh, that's a good point!
It's not a free drink, but I'll give you a point [DING]
there was a small pub on board, the airline was planning to organize an official ...
Brewery!
Brewery! Exactly! [DING] Not even ... I thought you were going to say beer,
but brewery was just right, take a point.
Well, 747-400s, when they first came, the upper deck had a ...
- It was a cocktail bar, was not it? - A cocktail bar, yes!
It was the kind of place that people like David Frost
would laze and flirt in the air.
Air-skirts hunter!
That is a valid comment! What are - you know, you have something like international waters?
Once you're out there ... it's a five mile area or something?
- It's three miles. - Three miles limit.
Then you can do whatever you want because you are in international waters,
yet, hence pirate transmitters. What are the laws when you are in the air?
Well, the three-mile coastal waters thing is how far you used to hit someone with an old cannon.
- Right. - From the past.
So if you extrapolate, you end up with all sorts of disturbing things
such as ground-to-air missiles!
So I can answer this. It is the 1944 International Civil Aviation Convention:
"All aircraft have the nationality of the state in which they are registered."
- Aha. - So if you are on an American-registered plane, you can not drink under 21 years.
-- Ah okay! - If you're on an Australian, you can not drink ..
I thought that births were recorded in the country the aircraft was flying on?
If you have a birth in international waters,
then your birth location is registered as "at sea".
- Yes, that is true. - Nice.
And if you are on a plane, it can be mentioned as "in the air".
These are valid data on birth certificates.
I've seen baptismal data, around 1780 I think,
where the birthplace was given with latitude and longitude
-- Wow! -- That is cool.
- The child was called Atlantica. -- That's nice. That's nice.
And we checked the latitude and longitude and it came out in the middle of the Atlantic.
BackpackersXpress was planning to be an airline with pub on board,
where backpackers would get cheap tickets and get drunk,
and probably everyone who does not want to be associated with backpackers ...
Would take another flight!
- With another society, yes. - Other flight, yes.
The crew would encourage passengers to have a chat with each other.
- Oh, go away! - Oh, f *** off!
Find the British people!
- No way, no ... - Then you have to love some forced fun.
Oh no, they would probably have those games where you get to know each other while you were on the asphalt, would not they?
I was on a bus ... when I was much younger,
I took that backpackers bus through the Australian Outback, and it is terrible.
Oh, go away! Honest!
Did you have very teasing conversations?
No! No, I did not have one.
- They did not exist yet! -- That could be right.
You then had to become the archbishop of Banterbury that you would become later!
God, it's like ... the bus driver played music on things and said:
"Well, these are the things that you should do!
These are the actions that you do ******!
These are the actions ... there we go!
How long would that flight last? It would take at least eight, nine hours, would not it?
- Eternally! - But it would feel like you were there forever. Just people ...
And it is at least a 24-hour flight from London!
I will only go with that society if there is a special cabin for people who are ready with mankind.
That ... that's usually first class on most airlines, Gary.
But on this, unfortunately not.
No, I would be very happy with access to the pub and the rest,
as long as I do not have to talk to other people.
Again, that is first class. You are literally describing first class.
The beds in a plane that I am most interested in are those of the crew.
It depends on the plane, but most of it is in the nose.
right under the cockpit.
Yep. And if you're on an A380, they have two and a half floors on board.
There is another half floor in the top of the plane,
with half-high ... you can crawl in there and then sleep.
I want that! I would be fine with that.
No, you do not find that, because every time you go after that,
and when you get up, then you hit your head.
Yes, but I'm not with those f *** ing backpackers, right?
That is ... not unreasonable!
So what you are actually saying is that you even go to sleep in the landing gear when needed?
Yes! At least I'm not with them!
That's not ... I think I've explained some news incidents
that is not a good place to go to sleep!
That's a good place to freeze, die, and fall out in someone's backyard.
I'm not with them, right ?!
Backpackers. Death freeze. Back ...
Everyone around this table goes, "you know what, that is actually a difficult choice".
So what did some experts from the industry do,
when they looked at these plans, what did they say?
"It's just a look full of motherfuckers at 30,000 feet."
Yes. What was the media term for "look full of assholes at 30,000 feet"?
Sounds like he has completely succeeded, to be honest!
If you can define it better, then I would like to hear it!
If you get angry in a car, what do you call it?
Traffic aggression!
What do you call that in an airplane?
- Air aggression! - Air aggression. Take a point [DING]
-- Creative! -- Yes.
"Annoying or violent behavior committed boarding an airplane."
I even have the first case of air aggression here,
and I'll give you a point if you can estimate about the year.
Is it ridiculous early? Is it 1915 when two pilots had a discussion in the air?
I wanted to say, I think of a man called the Red Baron,
he has quite annoyed some people.
Not between planes, I mean between gunner and pilot ...
No, it must be on a passenger plane.
- The sixties. - Around 1920.
Yes. That will be the closest, things like the small two-engine De Havilland,
if there are only 16 people who are upset.
Flying between London and Paris, that kind of thing.
Always searching for ... not margarita, what is the word I'm looking for? Martini.
-- Yes. - So what do you think?
Ah, 30s. De Havilland.
1938, Neville Chamberlain's flight back from Germany.
You said 30s first, so you get a point, but it was actually the 40's.
1947, on a flight from Havana to Miami. [THING]
It was just a drunken man who hit a passenger and bit the stewardess.
Bite flight attendants!
Ahh! I'm sure the person appreciated it.
if you were behind him with your martini ...
- "I think you have this ...!" - "Bite stewardess!"
"This does not help!"
This has led to the second incident of air aggression.
That is a stewardess who beat someone!
That whole plane landed with only injured people!
Well, it goes back to what we mentioned earlier,
because they did not know in which jurisdiction it was,
nobody in the landing zone really wanted to prosecute them.
and they often came away with it.
And in the end it became the laws of the country
where the aircraft is registered has priority.
Has it already happened with planes, just like boats,
that they are registered in tax havens?
That is a valid comment, I just asked myself.
It is difficult for most companies to do that,
because they want to be the flag bearer,
and then they want to be registered ...
British Airways wants to be registered in the United Kingdom.
There are still a lot of national airlines there.
So if I want a flight-fighting club with no consequences ...?
- Aeroflot. - That's what I want to say, what is the best country to register my plane?
Air Astana!
Yes! Like the Cayman Islands or something?
That is if you do not want tax, but because if you do not want to be punished because you hit someone?
I think there are very few countries that
and have no law against and where you can register a plane.
I'm going to say this; somewhere out there is a rich guest
who is now investigating this.
That's true. "What can we do in international waters? Oh, I do not know!"
Oh, I could really break an order now to say nothing.
but I will not do that. I really could.
You could do it, but then I have to cut it out.
Well, ... [Deleted for legal reasons]
So, the BackpacersXpress never came to that point.
- Good. - They could not lease an airplane.
Wow, that's the first stumbling block, is not it?
They have never been able to get enough funding. What did the industry think of them?
- They were just big bastards! -- Not much!
The Times expressed it as "it is for any spiritually healthy bystander
the question is whether the project ever gets off the ground. "
I did not even realize that when I read it, that it literally and figuratively ...
And that was a joke from the Times of London!
And that the 'party in the air', and I quote this, was a "radical change".
- Not in the '90s' radical', but in ... - No!
And I think when the Times goes ...
- It's the same as if you say "Well, that's courageous". - Yes.
I just realize: is this the Venga Plane?
This is actually Venga Airways, is not it ?!
That's impossible?!
- Sorry! - Oh, we want to party!
You just remember those numbers, do not you? It's in your head now.
No, luckily I do not know the text!
Do they do a New York to San Francisco route?
-- Here we go! That was the Vengabus. That was the bus.
That was the bus. No, the plane went to Ibiza. The plane always ...
- Oh, god, now I remember it again! - Yes, you are completely right!
It was indeed Ibiza.
Regardless of the mode of transport, it is always an Intercity Disco.
No, wait, that was the train.
No, that was the bus! That was definitely the bus!
- Yes, but Intercity is a type of train. -- All right.
You are no longer welcome in my house. Go away!
Some trains used to have a disco carriage.
- That's no joke. - In the 70's?
-- Yes! In the 70's. -- What?!
In the 70s, some special trains, especially special football trains,
British Rail then ...
This is the train for all football supporters,
so that the commuters were not bothered by the football supporters.
Wait a second! This is the BackpackersXpress but one for footballers on trains?
It is for, in principle, if you go somewhere for a race,
then you rent a complete special football train, with only old carriages,
so that everyone is gathered in a place, and that the police know when you arrive,
but on the back of that wagon she put an empty goods wagon,
with a disco in it! And you would have the disco car.
They were used as pub wagon on the Southern ...
- Twisted! - They put a wagon on the rails and set it up as a pub.
- Fantastic. - But the problem was that there were no windows in it.
- Because there were bar chairs in it. - It is a sea container!
She put chairs in it, so you had no idea where you were.
when the pub ... when the train stopped!
Also, do you really want so many drunken people
who can not look outside on a swinging train?
It was for commuters! It was for people who went home on a Friday night,
then she put the bar car into it.
Oh, that's brilliant!
There is no better way to guarantee that you end up at the end station by accident.
I know that! But it was a good country pub, dimmed beer glasses, with a taped drink.
- Fantastic! -- Good idea.
That is not a bad plan. I mean, it's a bad plan now,
because you can not lose so many people in it, and ...
I do not know, if you make it civilized,
you go to a dimpled pint, sort of a beer pub
It is monitoring itself!
- buyer table tops, yeah! -- Fireplace!
-- Fireplace?! -- Yes! I think it had a fireplace!
I do not make a joke. It is a steam train.
I wanted to say, let's face it, if it's propelled by steam,
then it is not unlikely that you can do that there.
Yes! There is already a big fire at the front,
also make a small one in the middle, that's fine!
Hey, also a great way to get it burning!
Remove the coals directly from the firebox!
It is true, that is how people used to travel, children.
Is it the end of the sliding scale?
So then you have the dining room wagon, then there is something like a snack wagon,
then they will have a soft drink wagon, then you have the pub wagon.
and then you have the club at the end of the night-wagon.
Imagine that! Can you roll from the end of the club wagon
in the kebab-van-wagon at the very end.
That is just a trailer that gets carried away.
"Salad and sauce?!"
But it is a steam powered running thing for the ...
"Make some coal in it!" "Fine!"
But it is true, they did not roast the meat with the coals,
they only provide the power for the electric grill that turns the meat around.
That is a great idea. Oh, come on British Rail, make sure it happens.
British Rail! British Rail has not existed for a long time!
Congratulations Chris, you win this!
Fantastic!
Congratulations, today's price is French.
- Oh aye? - Oui oui!
You win chocolate icing in the form of a cow.
It is la vache ganache.
You were done with Matt right in time, well done!
With that we say thanks to Chris Joel,
Gary Brannan,
- Matt Gray. - Goodbye, YouTube.
I was Tom Scott, until the next time!
Translations by: Bastiaan van Gilst